​Dear User, Your privacy is important to Jobbie. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully as it forms part of the Terms of Use which govern the use of the Jobbie Services and the Jobbie Websites.
This Privacy Notice explains-:
The type of personal information about you which is processed by Jobbie when you use the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites;

How Jobbie processes the personal information about you when you use the Jobbie Services and the Jobbie Websites;

The purposes for which Jobbie collects and processes your personal information;

Your right to access and correct your personal information;

The class of third parties to which Jobbie may disclose your personal information to;

Whether it is obligatory or voluntarily for you to supply the personal information and the consequences of failing to provide your personal information when it is obligatory; and

How Jobbie safeguards the confidentiality and security of your personal information.
Any changes will be notified to you via the e-mail address provided by you on registration or via a suitable announcement on the Jobbie Websites. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. The changes will apply to the use of the Jobbie Services and the Jobbie Websites after Jobbie have given you notice. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms you should not continue to use the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites. If you continue to use the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites after the date on which the changes comes into effect, your use of the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms.

In this Privacy Notice:-
“Jobbie“, “Jobbie Services“, “Jobbie Websites“, “You“, “Advertisers” and “Employers” shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Use.
“Jobbie Profile” means the profile created by users of the Jobbie Websites that may include personal information, resume and photo.
“personal information” is data that can be used to identify an individual.
“processing” includes but is not limited to collecting, holding, storing, recording, organizing, adapting, using, disclosing, correcting, destructing.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

When you register for the Jobbie Services

Each time when you register with Jobbie for any of the Jobbie Services, you will be asked to provide certain personal information about yourself in order to create a Jobbie account.

The personal information collected during the registration process includes but is not limited to your email address, name, nationality, identity card number, passport number, country of residence.

Whenever the personal information requested by Jobbie is marked as “Required Field”, you must provide and agree to the processing of this personal information by Jobbie. If you do not agree to provide this personal information and/or not agree to us processing it in the manner set out in this Privacy Notice, then Jobbie will be unable to provide the relevant services to you and your application for such services will be rejected.

From your use of the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites

We collect personal information directly from you when you choose to engage any of the Jobbie Services and/or to use the Jobbie Websites. The following are examples of personal information Jobbie may collect directly from you:-

Age;

Date of birth;

Telephone number or mobile number;

Your image (in form of a profile picture);

Academic qualifications or any relevant documentation provided in any format;

Identification documents given by the school/college/university/institute;

Resume;

Personal interests and preferences;

Working experience;

Credit card or debit card details;

Bank Account number;

Other information associated with a resume for job applications

If you wish to stop Jobbie from processing this type of personal information about you, Jobbie will no longer be able to provide the relevant services to you.

In addition, Jobbie may ask your permission to post your testimonial or success story. If you agree to post your material on Jobbie Websites, you should be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Jobbie Websites and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at admin@jobbiesg.com.



When you visit the Jobbie Websites



When you visit any Jobbie Websites our web servers automatically collect information about your visit to these websites, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the time, date and duration of your visit. your IP address is a unique identifier for your computer or other access device

Jobbie may track your visits to any Jobbie Websites by placing a “cookie” on your computer or other access device when you enter. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or other access device by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more effectively, as well as to provide information to the owners of the websites.

Cookies allow Jobbie to save preferences for you so that you will not have to re-enter them the next time you visit. Cookies also help Jobbie collect anonymous click stream data for tracking user trends and patterns. Jobbie may use the anonymous click stream data to help the Advertiser to deliver better-targeted advertisements.

You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your internet browser’s “help” file. You should understand that areas of certain websites will not function properly if you set your internet browser to not accept cookies.

Jobbie also uses clear gifs in its HTML-based emails in order to find out which emails have been opened by the recipients. This allows Jobbie to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of its marketing campaigns.

Our partners and service providers use cookies to collect information about the usage of Jobbie Websites. The use of cookies by our partners and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.



PURPOSES OF COLLECTING AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION



The purposes for which Jobbie processes your personal information are as follows:-

To verify your identity;

To assess and/or verify your employability and credit worthiness;

To provide the Jobbie Services which you have requested;

To administer and manage the Jobbie Services provided to you;

To contact you in respect of Jobbie Services;

To facilitate the provision to you of tailored educational offerings and improve your career prospects by supplying your information to our strategic partners;

To improve placement opportunities for you including through using artificial intelligence (“AI”) and data analytics in relation to your personal information to improve the ability of Jobbie to better assist you in finding appropriate opportunities and to assist Employers to assess the suitability of candidates for job vacancy for a wide spectrum of jobs and industries; or

or for tailoring specific services to you;

To verify your academic and professional qualification by contacting the school/college/university/institute/ professional qualifying bodies;

To contact the referee and/or the guarantor whom details have been provided by you;

To process your order for the Jobbie Services which you have requested;

To investigate and resolve any of the Jobbie Services, billing queries, complaints or other enquiries that you submit to Jobbie regarding Jobbie Services;

To manage staff training and quality assurance;

To monitor and improve the performance of the Jobbie Websites and the Jobbie Services;

To maintain and develop the Jobbie Websites and Jobbie Services;

To gain an understanding of your information and communication needs in order for Jobbie to enhance and customize the Jobbie Services;

To conduct research and development and statistical analysis in connection with the Jobbie Services to identify trends and develop new services that reflect your interests;

To assist Jobbie in understanding your browsing preferences on the Jobbie Websites so that Jobbie can tailor content accordingly;


Advertisers


Jobbie collects the company name, business address and billing address of Advertisers. It also collects the name, email address and phone number of a primary contact (also referred to on the Site as the ‘administrator’). Advertisers can choose to add additional users to their account, in which case Jobbie will collect the name and email address of those other users. Advertisers can change the company name, billing address, or any other details by contacting the designated Account Manager. Jobbie uses these details to manage your account, including sending Advertisers applications of Candidates, contacting Advertisers if there is an issue with their job ad and organizing payment and invoicing of the account.

To detect and prevent fraudulent activity.

You are not able to limit the processing of your personal information for the purposes set out in Clause 2.1 above. If you do not consent to Jobbie processing your personal information for the said purposes, you must terminate your relevant agreement with Jobbie for the Jobbie Services and stop using the Jobbie Websites.

In addition, Jobbie may use your personal information for the following purposes:-

To promote and market to you:

Other Jobbie Services; or

Services of third parties which Jobbie thinks may be of interest of you;

To send you seasonal greeting messages and/or messages informing you of a critical performance error in the Jobbie Websites and/or the Jobbie Services.

To send you tips, advice and survey information to maximize your career development including but not limited to using the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites.





Jobbie QRcode



Jobbie QRcode is used to assist employers in keeping track of their employee’s attendance during an assignment (or job). This data is only accessible to the relevant employers (current and future(in a summarized version) and the administrator of Jobbie. This information will only be used for calculation of wage (if applicable) and also to determine eligibility for future employment opportunities (if needed from the future employer, and agreed upon from the employee).



Jobbie PROFILE



Jobbie gives you the option of putting your Jobbie Profile in the Jobbie Resume Database provided that you use Jobbie’s preset format for uploading your information. There are two ways of doing so:-

Jobbie uses its best effort to restrict access to the Jobbie Resume Database only to those who have subscribed to the Jobbie Services, these parties may retain a copy of your Jobbie Profile in their own files or databases.

Jobbie will take reasonable steps to ensure that parties other than those mentioned above will not, without Jobbie’s consent, gain access to the Jobbie Resume Database. However, Jobbie is not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of Jobbie Profile by any third parties.



CHOICE AND ACCESS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION



You may have different privacy concerns. Jobbie’s goal is to be clear of what information it collects, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example:-

You can control who you share your personal information with;

You can review and control your subscription to various marketing preferences, Jobbie Services;

You may view, edit or delete your personal information and preferences at any time.

You may choose not to receive any marketing materials from Jobbie;

You may also subscribe to additional Jobbie Services by logging into a MyJobbie account;

You can delete your MyJobbie account at any time in which event Jobbie will remove all access to your account, resume and Jobbie Profile in the database. The deletion of your MyJobbie account does not affect Jobbie Profile that you had already sent to Employers or were previously downloaded by Employers, Advertisers or SiVA Account Holders.



RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION



Jobbie will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes set out in Clause 2 above and any legal or business purposes.



SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION



Jobbie is committed to keeping personal information secure. Jobbie has appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures in place to protect personal information from loss, theft and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Sensitive information (such as a credit card number) entered on our payment gateway services are encrypted during the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).

No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can contact us at admin@jobbiesg.com.



TO WHOM PERSONAL INFORMATION IS DISCLOSED



Personal information mentioned in Clause 1 above may be disclosed to the classes of third parties as follows in order for Jobbie to effectively manage its business including to render the Jobbie Services to you to achieve the purposes described in Clause 2:-

The Advertisers;

The Employers;

Third parties contracted by Jobbie to assist Jobbie in delivering all or part of the Jobbie Services to you, including without limitation, to the following:-

Payment gateway services for optional services;

Profiling/assessment services;

Data storage, analytics and cloud services;

Online advertising services;

Mapping services;

Maintenance and repair services; and

Market research and website usage analysis services.

Strategic partners that work with Jobbie to provide the Jobbie Services or that help market and promote Jobbie Services and/or Jobbie Websites;

Strategic partners that provide ancillary services such as education offerings for the purposes of improving your career prospects and/or professional qualifications.

The school/college/university/institute you studied at and your referees so as to verify your academic qualification;

Professional qualifying bodies where you obtained your accreditation;

Where you log in to a Jobbie Website using Facebook Connect – your Facebook friends who have also logged in in to our site using Facebook Connect;

Regulatory bodies, governmental bodies or other authorities if required or authorized to do so to discharge any regulatory function, under any law or in relation to any order or judgment of a court;

Regulatory bodies, governmental bodies or other authorities for the purpose of detection or prevention of crime, illegal/unlawful activities or fraud or for the apprehension or prosecution of offenders, or for an investigation relating to any of these;

Any party involved in or related to a legal proceeding (or prospective legal proceeding), for purposes of the legal proceedings;

Jobbie’s professional advisors on a need to know basis for the purpose of those advisors providing advice to Jobbie;

Any third party which acquires all or part of the assets or business of Jobbie (including accounts and trade receivables) for the purpose of that third party continuing to provide all or that part of the Jobbie Services which it acquired; and

Otherwise permitted under any data protection legislation.

Other than set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

Jobbie does not sell or rent any personal information collected to any other parties.



YOUR OBLIGATIONS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION



You are responsible for providing accurate, not misleading, complete and up-to-date information to Jobbie about yourself and any other person whose personal information you provide us and for updating this personal information as and when it becomes inaccurate, misleading, incomplete and out-of-date by contacting Jobbie here.

In the circumstances you may need to provide personal information to Jobbie about someone other than yourself (for example, your referee or guarantor). If so, we rely on you to inform these individual that you are providing their personal information to Jobbie, to make sure they consent to you giving us their information and to advise them about where they can find a copy of this Privacy Notice.



TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF YOUR LOCAL JURISDICTION

It may be necessary for Jobbie to transfer your personal information outside of your local jurisdiction if any of Jobbie’s service providers or strategic partners (“overseas entities”) is involved in providing part of the Jobbie Services.

LINKED SITES

Jobbie Websites that may contain links to third party sites.

Jobbie is not responsible for such third party sites. Any personal information made available by you on such sites will not have the benefit of this Privacy Notice and will be subject to the relevant third party’s privacy policy (if any).

YOUR CONSENT

In using the Jobbie Services and/or the Jobbie Websites, you consent to the collections and use of the personal information by Jobbie in the ways described hereinabove (which may change from time to time) unless and until you inform Jobbie to the contrary here.

Further, you consent to your referees, the school/college/university/institute where you have studied, the professional qualifying bodies where you received your accreditation and Employers to disclose your personal information to Jobbie.

CONTACT INFORMATION

If you still have questions about this Privacy Notice, please visit Help or Frequently Asked Questions on the Jobbie Websites. Jobbie requests your name, phone number, email address and comments so that Jobbie may respond to your concerns effectively and works to improve the Jobbie Services and/or Jobbie Websites.

MESSAGES

We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages when you

interact with our services, for example if you get a job request, we track if you have acted upon it and send reminders. Another applicable example would be collection of data to respond to messages with the appropriate response or block content that violates our user agreement and professional community policy.    
